Added warning for backslashes in config, general rework. (#43)
qaware/adcl: README.md

# adcl
Automatic Dependency Change Log - project together with TH Bingen

### Configuration:   
```properties
# Database connection  
spring.data.neo4j.uri=bolt://localhost:7687  
spring.data.neo4j.username=neo4j  
spring.data.neo4j.password=neo4j  
# Folder where .class files of the project are located  
project.uri=path/to/project/classes  

> # Name for last data to create diff against  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Name for last data to create a changelog against
```
